Welcome to this episode of the Antichrist
series.
We're considering what Gabriel,
who is Dowd,
Gabriel means God's most courageous and
competent man,
revealed through Daniel in five fifty five
BCE,
about six hundred years before he would
fulfill the very promises that he was
discussing.
And as we continue,
we hear our king say,
therefore no yada it is beneficial for you
to be aware of to possess this information
that is required to recognize to
acknowledge yada
and to gain thereby the insights to
understand, Washakal,
realizing that the best option is for you
to be prudent after learning,
succeeding by and prospering by being
attentive, properly educated,
enlightening and wise,
perceiving that from the going forth of
the word,
the stage being set to begin the process
in accord with the message,
to return and to restore,
shuwb rebuilding Jerusalem the source of
teaching and guidance on reconciliation
until the restoring testimony and the
eternal witness of the son of the
sovereign who is conspicuously making this
known
and who is providing the leadership and
counsel on behalf of the Mashiach,
the anointed Messiah.
Or seven sevens,
and thus seven promises and fulfilled
vows.
Therefore, in sixty-two weeks,
she will be restored.
She will return and rebuild and
reestablish and fortify the way to grow
and to expand.
Rakab,
opening the way by expanding where people
can congregate to grow larger by being
diligent and decisive,
by becoming sharper,
more determined and increasingly
judgmental.
In a troubled time,
of oppression during a period of
anguishing subjugation, restrictions,
constraints,
and persecution being harassed into and
pushed into a corner.
Daniel, my God is judgmental, nine,
twenty-five.
Then after the sixty-two weeks,
the anointed Messiah,
he will be cut off and separated,
but not for himself.
Gabriel, who made this pronouncement,
he is God's most confident and capable,
courageous and combative man,
prefaced the prophecy with Yada and with
shakal.
That is to say,
by prudently processing this information
as it comes from the man,
Yahowah would refer to as Yada.
We gain the insights needed
to understand.
And in this way,
Dowd as Gabriel is the thinking man's
prophet.
When he is speaking,
as is also the case with Elia and
with Yasha'yah,
one's brain needs to be engaged to keep
pace.
So when he repeatedly indicates that to
figure this out,
we will need to be discerning.
Learning by processing the information
which he is providing in an exceedingly
intelligent, cerebral manner.
Experience dictates that we follow his
advice.
In other words,
we should consider how the pieces of this
puzzle that he has provided fit together,
as opposed to, say,
plucking the Mashiach references out of
context to promote an agenda contrary to
something else, he said.
And on that same page with the Messiah,
we should linger on this page for a
moment.
and spend a little more time with him.
He is predicting that there will be a
public decree issued regarding the
liberation of Yahuwdym Jews from Babel,
from commingling and confusion.
Therefore, it is worth considering
the similarity between this and the decree
to leave Mitzrayim,
the crucibles of religious and political
oppression during Pesach,
to begin the Yatsa, Exodus.
This is because Yahowah introduced Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym, and then Shabuwah,
to the physically literate children,
who were ultimately liberated as the
children of Yisrael from religious and
political oppression.
Unfortunately, they took it with them,
but God separated them from it.
The process would continue with Yahuwah
explaining the nature of these Miqrah to
Moshe within his Towrah guidance,
which is likely, likely was received,
although we're not told specifically,
it's certainly implied.
beginning on Shabuwah.
This ultimately led to God's people
entering, well, the promised land,
but after forty years.
The proclamation Dowd is currently
addressing is similar.
This time,
Yahuwdym will be liberated from religious
and political subjugation in Babel,
which is the birthplace of the beast,
which would evolve from Babylon
to media Persia,
to the empire of the Greeks,
to that of Imperial Rome and then Roman
Catholicism.
Not only would they be physically freed,
Yahuwdym would be able to rebuild
Jerusalem,
the source of guidance on reconciliation
in the city of Dowd.
So after the passage of a specific
specified time,
Dowd's nephesh soul would return to his
city to serve his people by fulfilling
Pesach and Matsah, leading to Bikuwrym.
Then the promise of enrichment and
empowerment was honored and would play out
in the harvest of Shabuwah.
In so doing,
the nephesh souls of the covenant members
would be allowed to come home to survive
the tyranny of Roman politics and the
subjugation of the Roman Catholic
religion.
Nearly forty Yowbel thereafter.
We are using Shabuwah and Teruah to call
the covenant family back home,
back to the promised land,
to their Messiah and to Yahowah.
This will culminate with the grand reunion
during Dowd's return on Kipurym,
reconciliations,
which leads to Sukkah camping out with our
father and his family forevermore.
Now in this way,
with the proclamation to leave Babel,
Babylon, and restore Yeruwshalaim,
the source of guidance on reconciliation,
One event foreshadows the next,
becoming a harbinger for what follows.
Each step liberates us from religious
influence and political control so that we
can come home and live as part of
God's family.
In conjunction with the redemption of his
people,
The Negid, son of the sovereign,
by Negid publicly revealing what would
occur, explaining how it would transpire,
and then demonstrating the character and
courage to bring this to fruition,
is the very man who is providing the
leadership and counsel as Hamasiyah,
the Messiah.
He is fulfilling his vows and those of
his father over the course of seven Moab.
But of course,
there's more to it than that,
because Dowd would have a herald,
and his name would be Yadda,
and he would be a son of the
sovereign.
Now,
recognizing that Dowd's gruesome and
heroic portrayal of his soul's fulfillment
of Pisach, Matsah ,
and Bikuwrym in the twenty-second Mizmowr,
depicting what would happen to him more
than
Four hundred years prior to this
proclamation and a thousand years before
he would endure that torment,
this pronouncement may be the most
cathartic ever made.
You know,
it began after the sixty-two weeks.
The anointed Mashiach will be cut off, but
Not for himself, actually,
is how it concluded.
Now, this self-portrait is awe-inspiring,
really.
So courageous and compassionate,
it's hard to properly convey the enormity
of this moment.
We should all be overwhelmed that Gabriel
Daud volunteered to endure.
And this overjoyed that he saw it through
and accomplished the mission.
I'm also horrified by what the religious
have done to cheat him and us of
the magnitude of this gift.
I'm not immune to criticism either.
Over the past twenty-four years,
I've made more excuses for Daniel
twenty-five and twenty-six than anything
else in the Tanakh.
And now I know that
It is only from the perspective of Dowd
revealing what he would achieve that these
words actually ring true.
The only prophetic statements which rival
this in the challenge they pose to
translation and understanding are two,
Samuel seven and Yasha'yah nine,
both of which we have and will continue
to consider.
And it was in the first of these,
reading Yahowah's response to Dowd,
wanting to build a home for him,
that we were finally able to resolve the
identity of the son of God and the
very man who will return as king,
both being Dowd, neither being Jesus.
After all,
that was required for it to be consistent
with the whole of God's story and for
us to understand this entire episode,
this narrative on the covenant.
And in that case,
we had to appreciate that God went from
speaking to us or speaking directly to his
beloved son to speaking to us about him.
And in this case,
we have some similar challenges as it
relates to the audience.
God is speaking.
of uh of him in that case to
us and then he goes directly back to
speaking to his son in second Samuel six
the identity of the son of course in
Yasha'yah nine also lays in the recognition
that the only name which appears in the
text identifies him as dope there's only
one person to whom all these accolades are
applicable as well so if you
Recall in the preamble to this prophecy,
Gabriel,
God's most capable and courageous man,
listed many things which would be resolved
as a result of what he would accomplish,
some of which were achieved during Chag
Matsah,
while most will be fulfilled upon those
Yom Kipurym return,
and actually the preamble to that on the
day of the herald, Yom Teruah.
They are listed together because they will
be accomplished on behalf of the same
Messiah.
And speaking of HaMashiach, if not Dowd,
how would a new one have been anointed
such that we could learn of him?
Dowd had clearly stated that this would
bring an end to prophecy.
That's quite an oops, isn't it?
If you're going to pretend this applies to
anyone else,
there can be absolutely no indication from
God that that is the case,
because all references to his son,
who is also the Messiah,
are directed at David and no one else.
And with this bringing it into prophecy,
there can be no other Messiah.
There would be no one
for Yahowah to work with or speak through
after the last of the prophets, Zechariah,
Yowel, then Malachi,
two thousand five hundred years ago.
Now,
since we know the timing of the decree
to rebuild Jerusalem and we have done the
math,
we know that the Messiah's arrival was
to coincide with the fulfillment of Chag
Matsah in the Yowbel year of four thousand
years, thirty-three C.E.,
in absolute harmony with the Towrah's
instructions.
Since HaMashiach's body was karat,
cut down and died on Passover,
and then was karat,
separated on un-yeasted bread, a Shabbat,
with the firstborn released and returned
to his father on the invitation of
firstborn children.
The individual fulfilling the Towrah's
promise could not have been the founder of
a Towrah adverse religion, could he?
That would have been absurd.
The notion is preposterous.
Yahowah knew that something special was
going to occur in his city, Dowd.
was fully aware of this long before this
time,
four hundred and fifty years in advance of
it.
He had already released and shared
prophecies regarding how he was going to
fulfill this.
And so he knew that the guidance regarding
reconciliation in seven plus sixty two
weeks of years from the pronouncement to
return was being laid out here.
through him as a prophet and that it
pertained to him because he was going to
endure it.
We have been given a starting point,
one we will track down in a moment,
pertaining to the announcement to return
and restore Jerusalem by the man who built
Jerusalem into the city of Dowd,
three thousand years ago.
He was the most prolific source of
restoring testimony found within Yahowah's
eternal witness.
Moreover,
Dowd is the most conspicuous of Yahowah's
leaders and the most profuse of
counselors.
He was also the preeminent Mashiach,
having been anointed three times on
Yahowah's instructions.
Once again, the timing,
if we are to read it as such,
is predicated on seven promises and
contractual vows fulfilled in harmony with
Shabuwah over seven periods of seven weeks.
While Dowd will soon return to fulfill
Kipurym and then serve as the king of
Sukkah, the son of God embodies Bikuwrym.
He is the Bikuwr,
the firstborn son of God,
by God's own acknowledgement.
And he is the product of Shabuwah,
which occurs seven weeks later.
He is Yahowah's Bikuwr, as I have said,
his firstborn son and the foremost
beneficiary of Shabuwah.
of seven sevens.
Yahowah has overtly empowered and enriched,
enlightened and enabled Dowd,
which is why even his seat of honor
will be as brilliant as the sun in
God's presence.
Now, once home,
The result would have nothing to do with
buildings or plazas or broad avenues,
defensive walls or moats,
as other translators will claim.
When we turn to the verbal root of
the words Dowd selected,
we discover that
What was going to be Shuwb, restored,
and Banah, established, was rakab,
the way to grow and expand by charutz,
being diligent and decisive.
What is being foretold is the fulfillment
of the first three Miqraey in year four
thousand years because they provide the
benefits of the covenant relationship,
the means to grow and to be empowered
and enriched.
for those who are diligent,
decisive regarding the terms of
acceptance.
Now,
we also learn that this will occur in
a troubling time of oppression,
an anguishing period of subjugation,
of restrictions and constraints.
Dowd is speaking of Yahuwdym being
persecuted and harassed by the imperial
Romans who would crucify him.
then being pushed into a corner and
confined by her church throughout Europe.
Well,
I'm anxious to reprise the math and verify
the result rather than interrupt the
conclusion of this prophecy.
Let's table the arithmetic,
which you're going to find inspiring.
Until we have listened to all,
Dowd has to share.
After all,
Dowd knew what was going to happen to
himself and to his people.
And he warned us about it.
And yet, nevertheless,
Yahuwdym stood by and allowed it to occur.
It says, then the people, the nation,
and the army,
the individuals and the institutions of
the supreme leader who is making these
conspicuous decisions,
prophetic declarations, then again,
the absolute ruler conspicuously allowing
publishing and confessing his message in
your face who is to come will attempt
to corrupt,
ravage and destroy the city and the set
apart as well as the sanctuary.
those who are separated unto god and his
demise when he is cast off at the
conclusion of this duration of time will
be overwhelming seem outrageous especially
intense and a display of tremendous force
so that up to the very last moment
in the end there will be war and
it will be decreed
and quickly decided upon and pronounced,
which will be devastating and desolating,
appalling and horrifying.
So there is a period that Gabriel is
explaining that he will be cut off in
the fulfillment of Chag Matsah,
his soul being dispatched to Sheowl ,
carrying our guilt so that we can be
perfected,
unleavened of the yeast of religious and
political corruption.
And then a seven-year period will commence
where horrible things will happen.
And during that,
at the end of it in particular,
it will be particularly horrendous.
But during that entire seven-year period,
this time of Israel's troubles,
there will be war.
It will be devastating and desolating,
appalling and horrifying.
We are seven months away.
from the beginning of that time.
A challenge to correctly rendering Dowd's
intent in this statement is the
realization he previously used Negid to
speak either of himself as the son of
the sovereign or of his herald,
being someone who would manifest his
authority.
Once rendered
often rendered, I should say, leader,
officer, or official,
especially as a prince who is the son
of a sovereign,
the title can be good or bad depending
upon the individual and circumstance.
Also, since it is derived from nagad,
which speaks of making an announcement
such that something becomes conspicuously
known,
to make a confession by proclaiming a
message, a nagad,
is positive or negative based solely upon
who is saying what to whom.
And in the initial reference,
the message was overwhelmingly positive
and the individual exceedingly altruistic,
but now the opposite is true.
Therefore,
the Messiah is revealing that he has an
evil counterpart, an anti-Messiah,
an anti-Christ.
And that horrible individual that's going
to be so destructive to Israel and to
the world,
the very embodiment of Satan is Donald J.
Trump.
He is devoted to negating life on this
planet.
Now,
should you venture into the recently
completed review that I have provided of
Ezekiel in volumes two and three of the
Babel series,
you will come to realize that Dowd's
adversary is ha Satan.
And we are expecting to see the devil
incarnate, Donald Trump, in Jerusalem.
We know even the day that he is
going to arrive.
It's the
he is going to declare that he is
a God.
Bringing to fruition everything that the
Magas have rallied around,
and that is on the Ides of March,
the fifteenth of March in that same year,
twenty thirty.
The two witnesses arrive on Passover,
the eighteenth of April of that same year.
So the devil incarnate, Donald Trump,
is going to have a reunion concurrent with
bringing all of this hell upon God's
people.
And since Dowd will have been victimized
by those affiliated with the adversary
during and following Chag Matsah,
with the Romans torturing him and then
religious Christians and Jews devouring
and discrediting his achievement,
there is continuity between those who
destroyed the city and the sanctuary in
the seventies CE and again in the one
hundred and thirty-three CE and even those
who would abuse the set-apart people
thereafter and the devil's advocate.
This being the case,
we should be on the lookout
for Roman Catholics and leaders from
nations emerged from the shadow of
Imperial Rome.
Although I have in previous programs
already identified the ten that will
trumpet Donald Trump's message.
Also since Dowd revealed that the Am
people nation and the belligerence of the
Negev political leader,
calling for the Shakath,
the destruction of the city,
are related to this adversary,
we know where to look for them.
Because Yasha'yah God told us they would
come from the United States.
It is apparent that Dowd's evil opposite
will flail and then fail.
before being sent off to Sheowl  in the
fleeting moments of the sixth millennia,
actually on the twenty fourth of September
of twenty thirty three.
Upon his arrival,
he will be bombastic in Jerusalem,
just as he is now, outrageous,
egomaniacal with a perverted character.
An overwhelming presence where the whole
world remains fixated on what will he do
next?
So this last day's tour de force will
approach under the guise of being a
peacemaker.
He's the peace president, you know,
as he fans the flames of war against
Russia that will be so devastating to the
world.
Attacked Iran in a day of belligerence.
provides all the weapons for Israel to
destroy itself and its reputation in Gaza,
and now has the U.S.
Navy poised to invade Venezuela.
But he will quickly decide, of course,
that he's going to rally the world against
Israel,
promoting a war that will be devastating
and desolating.
So as we discovered previously at a time
certain,
sixty-two weeks of years after Jerusalem
is rebuilt,
taking us forward in time to year four
thousand, yeah, or thirty-three CE,
the Messiah was going to restore and
rebuild the means, his people,
would need to thrive and be diligent and
decisive while being oppressed by Imperial
Rome.
He did so by fulfilling the Spring Mowed
Miqraey,
providing the benefits of the covenant.
However, after this time,
the Roman Church,
based upon Paul's letters,
would replace the Anointed Messiah to
establish a new covenant.
They would position the myth of Jesus
Christ as the Son of God.
and the messiah instead of David the man
Yahowah declared was the recipient of both
titles Christianity's bogus new testament
is that counterfeit bill
So this,
rather than announcing the arrival of a
Christian Messiah who would die,
but not for himself,
says just the opposite.
The actual Messiah had this temporal
experience and existence cut short and
then was separated from his father to save
his people.
The greatest life ever lived,
Gabriel's most capable, Gabriel,
which is God's most capable and confident
individual would perform the most heroic
and compassionate act in human history.
But of course it would be for naught,
tossed away,
tossed aside to make two upstart religions
possible, Judaism and Christianity.
The lone justification for calling Jesus
the Christ has been negated by the actual
Messiah,
eliminating the claims made by Christians
and the denials which propelled Judaism's
emergence.
Paul and his Roman church have conspired
to corrupt and destroy Yahowah's city and
people.
The ultimate expression of their desire
will be manifest in the supreme leader who
is to come,
verbose and authoritarian,
his pronouncements and Jerusalem,
fate along with that of Yahuwdym will have
such a tremendous and devastating impact
that the final remnant of Yahowah's chosen
will be reduced to very few souls in
the end.
But since everything we have considered is
true,
we can see the Towrah-less one as
outrageous,
an egomaniacal and overpowering individual
that garners the world's attention.
We can view Dowd overwhelming him in the
end, but until that time,
the world will be engulfed in war,
devastating.
desolating conflict it will be so
destructive and ruinous indeed astonishing
appalling and horrifying that the prophet
is predicting i think nuclear
conflagration now in this way the messiah
is using the past to prepare his people
for the future
Just as Yahuwdym were given the opportunity
to recognize the Passover lamb and the
fulfillment of Chag Matsah during a
troublesome time,
so it will be in the end.
Yahuwdym are to be afforded one final
opportunity to accept what Dowd and his
father have done for them and arrive
together to enable the promise of Kipurym
during the conclusion
the time of trouble now in the interim
three years before the world goes up and
smoke this monstrous and demonic beast
under the ruse of a peacemaker will gabar
Beryth he's going to confirm and
strengthen a prevailing agreement
affirming his covenant ha rabbim with the
great many including
those who refer to themselves as rabbis,
the preponderance of the populace and
numerous among the elite.
This is an ode, of course,
to the two-state solution,
or as I refer to it as the
final, dissolution.
He will impose the conditions of UN
Resolution.
Thereby certifying Israel's destruction.
And because the timing of this is tied
directly to the fulfillment of Shabuwah by
the prophet Yasha'yah Isaiah,
and that the fulfillment of Shabuwah for
this purpose as it pertains to the
beginning of the seven-year time of
Israel's troubles begins on the
twenty-second of May, twenty-twenty-six.
It becomes obvious that this horrible
leader who is demon-possessed
is the president of the united states
because there are seventy two attributes
that are listed by Yasha'yah in the
eighteenth chapter that describe him as
such and therefore it is Donald j trump
and he is the one
who was going to affirm this treaty with
many.
To use Isaiah's words,
he's going to thin Israel at the waist
so that the country becomes indefensible.
This is what he's been positioning for
ever since.
He was demon possessed and then bribed by
the Muslims running Qatar, Saudi Arabia,
and the United Arab Emirates.
This is what the world celebrated at Peace
Twenty-Five, why Israel was not invited.
The very man that Israel views as the
second coming of Cyrus is in fact the
great betrayer.
Israel is now a vassal of the Antichrist.
That's how far they have fallen.
This is where we are.
So what follows affirms what we have long
known.
Well,
the time of Yaakov's troubles is going to
begin
with the devastation of the time of
Israel's troubles.
And the birth pangs actually began on
October seventh,
twenty-twenty-three and will conclude a
decade thereafter.
Things are going to get much worse by
Shabuwah in twenty-twenty-six.
This is going to be a horrific experience
for Yisrael.
things will degrade very quickly.
With the worst of Ya'aqob's troubles
endured during that last three and a half
years,
beginning with the first of Abib in five
nine nine seven Yah,
April third of twenty thirty at sunset.
The Shabbat will ultimately be outlawed.
Pesach will be corrupted and Matsah
negated to an ingredient.
There will be no Kipurym for the
Towrahless.
One and
He's going to put God's ultimate gift of
salvation out of reach.
And Yahowah's Miqrah will be replaced with
the likes of the Feast of the Beast,
where Dowd's body and blood and that of
his Bashar are on the menu.
There will be a no-moon day,
a do-nothing festival,
an all-stupid day for the faithful,
each endorsed by Ezekiel's Lord God.
So it is going to be abhorrence
personified, appalling abominations,
a monstrous religious edict designated to
stun and stupefy people far and wide and
robbed of their ability to be perceptive
and think critically.
The preponderance of people are going to
die over the next eight years.
It's all going to happen very quickly and
decisively.
It's going to paralyze the world that has
become almost accustomed to this ongoing
cavalcade of chaos that ensues from every
word and deed of Donald Trump as the
Antichrist.
I'd like to conclude this program at this
point.
We will return to this because it is
such an important realization for where we
are, whose side you should be on,
why you should be exceedingly worried
about the MAGA,
about the Christians that are endorsing
this man,
about the Israelis who think that Trump is
the return of Cyrus when he is,
in fact, the Towrahless one,
the great betrayer of whom the prophets
spoke.
It is a time that you need to
make certain that you're on the right side
of this equation, because many will die,
and they will die separated from God,
and those who have deliberately misled
others have pursued an antisemitic agenda.
Well,
they're not gonna get the luxury of death,
and they will be taken into Sheowl  to
spend an eternity there.
So what we're going to share with you
in these next programs is essential.
you to know.
I thank you for listening.